♪
Annalise: PREVIOUSLY ON
HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER:
HI, I'M HANNA,
SAM'S SISTER.
WHATEVER HIS WIFE TOLD YOU,
MY BROTHER IS NO MURDERER.
I JUST HOPE THAT IT WASN'T TRUE,
THAT HE HAD TO BRING THAT GIRL
Wes: CHRISTMAS CARD FOR RUDY.
Rebecca: YEAH, HE'S THE FREAK
WHO LIVED HERE BEFORE YOU.
Wes: WHY WOULDN'T
HIS RELATIVES KNOW HE
DOESN'T LIVE HERE ANYMORE?
OH, IT'S FROM
HIS GRANDMA.
OH.
LOOK AT MY ENGAGEMENT RING,
IT'S GONE, I LOST IT!
WHAT IS THAT?
IT'S A FAKE.
I BOUGHT IT IN CHINATOWN.
WES, WE HAVE A REAL NIGHTMARE.
Woman: THE HUMAN REMAINS WERE
FOUND ONE WEEK AGO
AT THE LANDFILL. THE BODY
BELONGS TO SAM KEATING.
NUMEROUS SOURCES WITHIN THE
PHILADELPHIA POLICE DEPARTMENT
DO CONFIRM THAT THE TESTS
SHOWED IT WAS, IN FACT,
HIS BODY FOUND AT THE
NAYATT LANDFILL ONE WEEK AGO.
SAM KEATING WAS CONSIDERED
A TOP SUSPECT...
SHE'S SETTING US UP.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU DON'T JUST FIND BODY PARTS
IN A LANDFILL.
A BODY, SURE.
A HEAD, A HAND, BUT NOT
CHARRED-UP BITS OF SOMEONE.
NOT UNLESS YOU'RE TOLD
WHERE TO LOOK.
THEY WOULDN'T HAVE FOUND HIM
AT ALL
IF YOU HAD LISTENED TO WES
AND INCINERATED THE BODY.
WAIT. WHY DO YOU THINK ANNALISE
WOULD WANT TO SET US UP?
ANNALISE WOULDN'T --
WOULDN'T DO THAT!
OKAY, WE KNOW, WAITLIST.
YOU SUCKLE AT THE TEAT
OF OUR DEAR, OLD PROFESSOR.
Rebecca: ANNALISE HAS NO REASON
TO SELL US OUT.
SHE'S THE ADULT.
YOU'RE HER STUDENTS.
I'M HER FREAKING CLIENT.
WHO DO YOU THINK THE
POLICE WANT TO TAKE
DOWN MORE? US OR HER?
ALL OF US.
THIS IS ANNALISE KEATING.
IF IT'S URGENT,
PLEASE CALL MY OFF--
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
FINALLY!
LAUREL:
What are you doing?
LAUREL?
You can't be calling me.
BUT --
YOU'RE UNDER
A MICROSCOPE NOW.
EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENS
FROM THIS MOMENT ON
IS GONNA BE MONITORED
BY THE POLICE.
So just sit on your hands
and act normal.
TELL THE REST OF THE RAT PACK
THE SAME THING.
WHO?
YOUR STUPID STUDY GROUP!
NOW, HANG UP
AND DO NOTHING!
[ SIGHS ]
[ BREATHES DEEPLY ]
Woman: SAM KEATING WAS FIRST
REPORTED MISSING BY --
Connor: GOD!
CAN YOU KNOCK NEXT TIME?
I JUST TALKED TO FRANK.
HE SAID
WE'RE BEING WATCHED,
SO IT'S IMPORTANT
WE DON'T FREAK OUT.
TOO LATE FOR THIS ONE.
Wes: WHAT DID HE SAY
ABOUT ANNALISE?
UH, HE DIDN'T.
WELL, CALL HIM BACK.
I CAN'T.
THE CALLS WE MAKE CAN BECOME
EVIDENCE USED AGAINST US.
[ CHUCKLES ] OF COURSE
WE CAN'T CALL THE ONE PERSON
WHO SAID THEY'D PROTECT US.
GREAT.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
CAN I HELP YOU?
ARE YOU MS. KEATING?
DEPENDS WHICH ONE
YOU MEAN.
ANNALISE KEATING.
THAT'S ME.
AND YOU ARE?
HANNAH KEATING.
I GREW UP IN THIS HOUSE.
AND I LIVE HERE NOW.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN
THE NEWS?
IS HE DEAD?
I'M HIS SISTER.
ANYTHING YOU CAN SAY TO HER
YOU CAN SAY TO ME.
IS HE DEAD?
HIS REMAINS WERE FOUND IN
A LANDFILL SEVERAL DAYS AGO.
WE WOULD HAVE NOTIFIED
YOU SOONER,
BUT IT TOOK OUR DEPARTMENT
A WHILE TO GET A POSITIVE I.D.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
IT'S HIM?
THEY TESTED THE TISSUE
AGAINST HIS DNA,
WHICH WAS ALREADY ON FILE
FOR THE STANGARD CASE.
[ Voice breaking ]
OH, MY GOD.
[ Crying ] OH!
OH, NO.
OH, MY GOD.
HANNAH.
DON'T TOUCH ME!
[ SNIFFLES, GROANS ]
OH, MY GOD.
ARREST HER.
[ GATE OPENS ]
SHE KILLED HIM.
MA'AM, PLEASE, IF YOU COULD
JUST CALM DOWN FOR A SECOND.
SHE KILLED HIM,
AND SHE --
SHE TRIED TO HIDE IT
BY MAKING IT SEEM LIKE
HE WAS MISSING
AND THAT HE HAD KILLED
THAT GIRL, BUT HE DIDN'T.
SHE DID IT. THAT'S HER.
SHE'S THE MURDERER.
SHE KILLED HIM.
ARREST HER!
I SAID...ARREST HER.
SHE'S A MURDERER!
SHE KILLED MY BROTHER!
ARREST HER!
ARREST HER, I SAID!
ARREST HER, DAMN IT!
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
HELLO?
NATE: It's me.
I'm on a burner.
YOU SHOULD GET ONE.
I'LL TELL FRANK.
HOW ARE YOU?
ANNALISE.
It's bad for me,
I KNOW,
BUT HOW ARE YOU DOING?
THEY'RE GONNA QUESTION ME
AGAIN.
Don't let them.
AND MAKE MYSELF LOOK GUILTY?
YOU'VE DONE THEIR JOB
FOR YEARS.
THEY'LL TWIST
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
I'll get a lawyer.
WELL, I AM A LAWYER,
AND I'M TELLING YOU
DO NOT TALK TO THEM
UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES.
Is that what
you're gonna do?
YEAH. IF THEY WANT TO
TALK TO ME,
THEY'RE GONNA HAVE TO
ARREST ME.
Say that to them,
they just might.
DON'T TALK TO THEM.
PROMISE ME.
I GOT CLASS.
YEAH, WHEN WE INTERVIEWED YOU
LAST TIME,
YOUR HUSBAND WAS MISSING,
ANNALISE.
NOW HE'S DEAD.
YES.
I NOTICE HOW UPSET YOU SEEM
BY THAT FACT.
YOU'RE GONNA ARREST ME
BECAUSE MY GRIEF DOESN'T
LOOK THE WAY YOU WANT IT?
GO AHEAD.
Chapin: NEGLIGENCE IS
A FAILURE TO, UM...
I-IT'S A FAILURE TO, UM...
THIS WAS ALL IN YOUR SYLLABUS,
MS. CHAPIN.
I'M SORRY,
PROFESSOR DOZIER.
I JUST, UM...
IS THE HEAT ON REALLY HIGH
IN HERE?
NO, THAT'S JUST
YOUR NERVES.
OH.
DEAN SUMNER SAID YOU WEREN'T
COMING IN, CONSIDERING --
SUMNER WAS MISTAKEN.
I'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE.
[ INDISTINCT WHISPERING ]
I'VE OPTED TO DEPART
FROM THE SYLLABUS TODAY.
MS. CHAPIN.
CAN YOU TELL US WHAT
THE FIFTH AMENDMENT IS?
THE FIFTH AMENDMENT?
UM...
RIGHT, IT, UM...
ASSURES YOUR RIGHT TO PROTECTION
FROM SELF-INCRIMINATION?
ARE YOU ASKING ME?
NO, THAT --
THAT'S MY ANSWER.
AND IT'S A CORRECT ONE.
WHEN CLIENTS
TALK TO THE POLICE,
THEY THINK CLARIFYING OR BEING
HELPFUL CAN AID IN THEIR CASE.
THEY'RE WRONG.
WHATEVER YOU SAY
TO THE POLICE
CAN AND WILL BE MISCONSTRUED
TO SUPPORT THE PROSECUTION.
SO WHEN I DOUBT,
SHUT YOUR MOUTH.
[ GLASS SHATTERS ]
Bonnie: [ CRYING ]
WHAT THE HELL?
NO ONE CALLED ME LAST NIGHT
TO TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
I JUST SAW IT
ON THE NEWS.
OH, COME ON.
ANNALISE HAD MORE IMPORTANT
THINGS TO THINK ABOUT THAN YOU.
SHE DOESN'T TRUST ME
ANYMORE.
WHAT DID I SAY?
THIS ISN'T ABOUT YOU.
IT IS.
HE KISSED ME.
AND I TOLD HER.
AND NOW HE'S DEAD.
YOU'RE NOT SERIOUSLY UPSET?
THE GUY WAS A LIAR
AND A KILLER.
AND SOMEONE KILLED HIM.
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN,
FRANK?
LIKE HELL IF I KNOW.
OR CARE.
AND NEITHER SHOULD YOU.
HE SCREWED OVER ANNALISE.
FROM THE LOOKS OF IT, YOU TOO.
SO STOP CRYING,
OR ELSE SHE'LL FIRE YOU AGAIN,
SHE SEES YOU LIKE THIS.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
Annalise: FRANK?
[ SNIFFLES ]
WHY ARE THE POLICE
OUTSIDE?
SOME BULL ABOUT KEEPING
THE PRESS AWAY.
WELL, TELL THEM TO LEAVE.
WE CAN HANDLE THE PRESS.
AND I HAVE WORK ON OUR CASE
TO PREPARE FOR.
UH, ABOUT THAT,
ANNALISE.
LEO LOMBARDO'S SECRETARY
JUST CALLED,
AND SHE'D LIKE TO RESCHEDULE
THE MEETING
IN LIGHT OF
WHAT'S HAPPENED.
BASTARDS.
CALL LEO'S OFFICE.
TELL THEM
I'M ON MY WAY OVER
AND THAT I WILL NOT LEAVE
UNTIL I SPEAK TO HIM MYSELF.
YOU ARE NOT FIRING ME.
YOU WANT YOUR NEPHEW TO BE
LOCKED UP FOR THE NEXT 20 YEARS?
GO AHEAD.
GET YOURSELF A NEW ATTORNEY
RIGHT BEFORE TRIAL.
OR YOU COULD STICK
WITH ME
AND HE CAN WALK OUT OF
THAT COURTROOM
LIKE EVERY TIME
WE'VE DONE IT BEFORE.
I HAVE NEVER LOST YOU
A CASE, LEO,
EVER SINCE YOU PUT ME
ON RETAINER 15 YEARS AGO,
AND, DAMN IT, I'M NOT ABOUT
TO LOSE ONE FOR YOU NOW.
HEY, HEY, HEY.
NO ONE'S QUESTIONING WHAT
YOU CAN DO IN A COURTROOM.
I'M WORRIED WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU'RE NOT THERE
BECAUSE IT'S YOU
THAT'S LOCKED UP.
NO ONE'S LOCKING ME UP!
DO YOU HEAR ME?
I DIDN'T KILL MY HUSBAND.
I'M INNOCENT.
Paul: [ LAUGHS ]
THAT'S GOOD.
THAT'S JUST LIKE
HOW YOU TELL ME TO SAY IT.
DO YOU AGREE WITH YOUR UNCLE?
DO YOU WANT A NEW ATTORNEY?
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S ON TRIAL HERE, PAUL.
WITH THE AMOUNT OF DRUGS
YOU WERE SHIPPING --
ALLEGEDLY.
DO YOU WANT
A NEW LAWYER?
DO YOU WANT TO TAKE
THAT RISK?
TAKE IT EASY, ANNALISE.
IT'S NOT LIKE WE'RE THE ONLY
CLIENTS IN YOUR BOOK.
RIGHT NOW
YOU MAY AS WELL BE!
LISTEN.
WHATEVER IS GOING ON WITH ME
IS NOT GONNA AFFECT YOUR CASE.
I GUARANTEE IT.
JUST LIKE I GUARANTEE YOU
THAT I WILL KICK THE
LIVING CRAP OUT OF THE
FBI IN THE COURTROOM,
BUT ONLY IF YOU TRUST ME.
IT'S UP TO YOU, PAUL.
DO YOU WANT TO FIRE ME?
Hannah: YOU DO KNOW
SHE LIED TO YOU, RIGHT?
IN HER INTERVIEW WITH YOU,
ANNALISE SAID THAT SHE FOUND OUT
ABOUT SAM AND LILA'S AFFAIR
THE NIGHT SAM WENT MISSING,
BUT SHE TOLD ME SHE KNEW ABOUT
THE AFFAIR THREE MONTHS AGO.
SHE'S LYING ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED
THE NIGHT SAM DISAPPEARED,
BECAUSE SHE KILLED HIM AND THEN
SHE WENT TO HER LOVER'S HOUSE,
AND TOGETHER
THEY DISPOSED OF THE BODY.
SHE NEEDED HELP.
SHE COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT
BY HERSELF.
EVEN -- EVEN IF
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS TRUE,
WE STILL NEED PROBABLE CAUSE
TO SEARCH THE HOUSE.
WHAT ABOUT ANNALISE'S
VIOLENT PAST?
SHE COMES FROM
A VIOLENT HOME.
STATISTICS SHOW THAT A CHILD
THAT EXPERIENCES
A CULTURE OF VIOLENCE AND ABUSE
IN THE HOME,
THAT THAT CYCLE CONTINUES.
PAST ACTIONS ARE NOT GONNA
GET US A SEARCH WARRANT.
I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN WE KNOW MORE.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ GASPS ]
NO, YOU CANNOT BE IN HERE,
MS. KEATING.
[ GASPS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
WHAT IF SHE THREATENED
SAM'S LIFE?
IF WHAT YOU'RE SAYING
IS TRUE,
YOU WILL BE CALLED ON
TO TESTIFY.
I'LL TESTIFY TO WHATEVER
YOU NEED ME TO.
SEARCH THAT HOUSE.
WHAT'S THIS?
NEW CLIENT.
IS THIS A JOKE?
SHE'S IN THE MIDDLE OF
A MURDER INVESTIGATION.
SINCE WHEN DO WE GIVE UP
ON OUR CLIENTS, MR. WALSH?
BONNIE.
THE CLIENT'S NAME
IS PAUL LOMBARDO.
PRESIDENT AND OWNER OF
AN IMPORT/EXPORT OPERATION
KNOWN AS LOMBARDO DISTRIBUTION.
LOMBARDO AS IN
LOMBARDO CRIME FAMILY?
IS THIS A MOB CASE?
HE'S A BUSINESSMAN.
[ As Vito Corleone ]
WHAT'S THE CHARGE?
DID OUR CAPO TAKE OUT
A RIVAL FAMILY'S CAPO?
DID THE DON BURY HIS GOOMAH
IN SOME CONCRETE?
DRUG POSSESSION WITH
THE INTENT TO DISTRIBUTE.
300 KILOS OF HEROIN,
TO BE EXACT.
I NEED TWO OF YOU
TO LOOK AT
THE CARGO CONTAINER'S
CHAIN OF CUSTODY --
WHO HAD ACCESS TO IT,
WHETHER IT WAS A FRAME JOB.
GO TO PORT SECURITY
AND LOOK AT ANY AVAILABLE
SURVEILLANCE FOOTAGE.
SO YOUR LAST NAME IS,
UH...DELFINO.
ITALIAN.
ANYBODY IN YOUR FAMILY,
UH, YOU KNOW...
CONNECTED?
IF I TELL YOU...
YOU CAN'T TELL THE OTHERS,
GOT IT?
[ SIGHS ]
THE DRUGS WERE FOUND
BY CUSTOMS AGENTS
WHEN THE CONTAINER FAILED
A RANDOM WEIGH-IN,
SO THE QUESTION IS, WHY DID
THE FEDS SELECT THAT CONTAINER
OVER THE THOUSANDS THAT
COME THROUGH THE PORT EACH DAY?
Michaela: NO. I'M NEVER
GOING BACK TO THOSE WOODS.
DUMMY, IF THE COPS FIND
YOUR RING,
THEY'LL TRACE IT
BACK TO YOU.
YOU MEAN ALL OF US.
AND THE POLICE ARE PROBABLY
WAITING FOR THE KILLER TO RETURN
SO THEY CAN IDENTIFY THEM.
MAYBE THAT'S A RISK
YOU HAVE TO TAKE.
YOU KNOW, FOR THE GOOD
OF THE GROUP.
I'M AGENT ANTHONY FAIN.
YOU HAVE SOME QUESTIONS
FOR ME.
AGENT FAIN, YES.
JUST ONE.
ACCORDING TO THIS LOG,
ON MOST NIGHTS,
DOZENS OF CONTAINERS
ARE WEIGHED, BUT ON THIS NIGHT,
ONLY MY CLIENT'S CONTAINER
WAS RANDOMLY CHOSEN.
THE ONE CONTAINER THAT HAPPENED
TO BE FULL OF HEROIN.
ARE WE TO ASSUME THAT OUR CLIENT
WAS JUST UNLUCKY?
EXACTLY.
THEY DON'T CALL IT "RANDOM"
FOR NOTHING.
Annalise: LOOK AT THE PERSONNEL
AT THE YARD
AND SEE WHO HAD THE MOTIVE
TO TAKE OUR CLIENT DOWN.
Laurel:
WHO'S RUDY WALTERS?
GUY WHO USED TO LIVE
IN MY APARTMENT.
HE'S WHO PUT THE SCRATCHES
IN MY WALL.
HIS GRANDMOTHER STILL THINKS
HE LIVES THERE,
WHICH IS WEIRD, RIGHT?
HOW DOES SHE NOT KNOW
WHERE HE LIVES?
IT'S LIKE
HE JUST DISAPPEARED.
OR HE JUST MOVED.
REBECCA SAID HE HAD A NERVOUS
BREAKDOWN AND VANISHED.
IT JUST SOUNDS
REALLY WEIRD.
OKAY, BUT WHAT'S ALSO WEIRD
IS OUR CASE.
THE PORT EMPLOYEE
WHO WEIGHED THE CONTAINER
IS A GUY NAMED PEDRO HORTUA,
BUT THERE'S NO PEDRO HORTUA
LISTED AS WORKING AT THE YARD,
SO MAYBE YOU WANT TO
HELP ME FIND HIM.
LEAVE YOUR RUDY SEARCH
FOR AFTER WORK?
YEAH.
YEAH,
JUST GIVE ME A SECOND.
Frank: SO THEN MICKEY-THE-EAR
GETS WIND
THAT MY POPS IS TAKING ME
TO GET A HAIRCUT.
WAIT. THEY WHACKED HIM
RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU?
A LITTLE KID
SHOULDN'T HAVE TO SEE THAT.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU FREAKING PLAYING ME,
MAN?
YOU'VE SEEN TOO MANY
SCORSESE MOVIES.
WAIT, PAUSE THAT.
THE CONTAINER HASN'T EVEN
BEEN WEIGHED YET,
BUT CUSTOMS AGENTS ARE
ALREADY ARRIVING AT THE YARD.
WHICH MEANS THE FEDS
WERE TIPPED OFF TO WHAT
WAS IN THE CONTAINER
BEFORE IT WAS EVEN OPENED.
OH, SNAP.
SOMEBODY BETTER GET
THE CHEDDAR CHEESE,
BECAUSE WE GOT OURSELVES
A RAT.
Leo: NO WAY.
THERE ARE NO RATS
IN OUR FAMILY.
THE SURVEILLANCE TAPES
SHOW THAT THE FEDS
ARRIVED WAY TOO QUICKLY.
SOMEONE WITH KNOWLEDGE
OF THE HEROIN
OBVIOUSLY ALERTED THEM
BEFORE THE CONTAINER
WAS EVEN PULLED.
WHO THE HELL
YOU THINK IT IS?
YOU THINK THEY'D STILL BE ALIVE
IF I KNEW?
NONE OF THAT TALK
IN FRONT OF ME.
THE GOOD NEWS IS
THAT I CAN ARGUE ENTRAPMENT
AND GET THE CHARGES DROPPED.
Paul:
YOU HEAR THAT, LEO?
THIS SNITCH COULD HELP
GET ME OFF.
SEE? YOU WERE RIGHT BY KEEPING
THIS HUSBAND KILLER AROUND.
MAYBE SHE CAN HELP FIND
THAT RAT, TOO, HUH?
IT'S NOT
IN MY JOB DESCRIPTION.
ANNALISE.
YOU'RE
A SINGLE LADY NOW.
CALL ME
IF YOU GET LONELY.
WHAT?
CHOCOLATE AND ITALIAN WINE
ALWAYS PAIR WELL TOGETHER.
MY HUSBAND WAS
JUST FOUND MURDERED, LEO.
YEAH.
YOU DON'T SEEM
TOO SAD ABOUT THAT.
MAYBE I'M A GOOD FAKER.
[ SIREN WAILS ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
UM, MR. FISHER --
FIRST OF THE MONTH.
NO EXCEPTIONS.
NO, THAT'S NOT --
ABOUT THE GUY WHO USED TO LIVE
IN MY APARTMENT BEFORE ME --
RUDY WALTERS?
DO YOU HAVE
A FORWARDING ADDRESS?
NO, THANKFULLY,
OR I'D HAVE TO MAIL BACK
HIS SECURITY DEPOSIT.
HE DIDN'T TRY
TO GET IT BACK?
NO, NOT AFTER
THE COPS CARTED HIM OFF.
HE WAS ARRESTED?
I DON'T KNOW.
ASK YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
SHE'S THE ONE WHO CALLED
THE POLICE THAT NIGHT.
YOU SAID
YOU DIDN'T KNOW HIM.
BECAUSE I DIDN'T.
I STAYED AWAY FROM HIM
BECAUSE HE WAS WEIRD.
LOOK, THAT NIGHT,
HE WAS CLEARLY LOSING IT, OKAY?
HE WAS BANGING
ON THE WALLS
AND SCREAMING THINGS
THAT DIDN'T MAKE SENSE,
SO, YEAH,
I-I CALLED THE COPS.
YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME.
LOOK, IF YOU WANT
TO LEAVE ME, YOU CAN.
OH, STOP!
NO, JUST -- JUST LET ME --
LET ME -- LET ME SAY THIS.
YOU'RE FREAKING OUT.
WHICH I GET.
I MEAN, YOU DID
THIS REALLY TERRIBLE THING.
AND NOW THAT THEY'VE FOUND
THE BODY,
NOW THAT WE MIGHT GET CAUGHT,
YOU'RE STARTING TO WONDER...
NO.
Rebecca: ...IF WHAT YOU DID
FOR ME WAS WORTH IT.
NONE OF THAT'S TRUE.
THEN WHY ARE YOU OBSESSING
ABOUT RUDY? WHAT IS THIS?
BECAUSE IT FEELS LIKE
YOU'RE JUST TRYING
TO CATCH ME IN A LIE,
AND THAT MEANS
YOU DON'T TRUST ME.
I DO TRUST YOU.
I CAN STILL TELL THEM
IT WAS ALL ME.
NO.
HE WAS ON TOP OF ME.
HE WAS GOING TO KILL ME.
IT WAS SELF-DEFENSE.
I'M NEVER GONNA
LET YOU DO THAT.
WELL, WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO
IF WE GET CAUGHT?
GUESS WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT
WHEN THAT HAPPENS.
[ SIGHS ]
IF IT HAPPENS.
Hobbes: SO YOU'RE ACCUSING US
OF HAVING A CRIMINAL INFORMANT.
REALLY?
THAT'S YOUR BEST STRATEGY HERE?
MY CLIENT'S CONTAINER WAS THE
ONLY ONE INSPECTED THAT NIGHT,
AND THE CUSTOMS AGENTS WERE
MIRACULOUSLY AVAILABLE
MINUTES
AFTER THE INSPECTION.
IF IT WALKS LIKE A DUCK...
MIGHT AS WELL GIVE UP NOW,
ANNALISE,
BECAUSE
THERE'S NO C.I. HERE.
FINE --
YOU'RE GONNA FORCE ME
TO PRODUCE YOUR SPY
IN OPEN COURT,
PROVE ENTRAPMENT,
AND DESTROY YEARS
OF YOUR INVESTIGATION
INTO THIS FAMILY.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE DOING
AN AWFUL LOT OF JAW-JACKING
FOR SOMEONE WHO I HEAR
IS A PRIME SUSPECT
IN HER HUSBAND'S MURDER.
NOTICE
I HAVEN'T BEEN ARRESTED.
YET.
I ALSO HEAR THE POLICE DON'T
HAVE MUCH EVIDENCE ON YOU.
WHY DON'T WE KEEP IT
THAT WAY, HUH?
Woman: SOURCES TELL US
SAM KEATING'S REMAINS
WERE PLACED
IN FOUR SEPARATE GARBAGE BAGS,
MUCH LIKE THIS ONE,
AFTER THEY WERE SEVERELY BURNED
AND DISMEMBERED.
POLICE ARE COMPILING
A LIST OF LOCAL STORES
THAT SELL THIS BRAND OF BAG
IN THE PHILADELPHIA AREA,
HOPING TO PROVIDE A LEAD
TO THE PROFESSOR'S KILLER.
YOU MEAN "THE PROFESSOR'S
IDIOT KILLER."
YOU TREAT PEOPLE LIKE TRASH,
THE FUZZ GON' FIND YO' ASS.
Annalise:
TURN IT OFF.
THE CRIMINAL INFORMANT ANGLE
IS OFF THE TABLE.
IF WE COULD PROVE THERE'S
A C.I., I DON'T --
IF I SAY IT'S OFF THE TABLE,
IT'S OFF THE TABLE.
A FRIEND AT THE COURT
JUST CALLED.
DETECTIVE BRYCE
IS IN THE PROCESS
OF GETTING A WARRANT
TO SEARCH THE HOUSE.
HANNAH MADE A STATEMENT
SAYING YOU THREATENED SAM,
WHICH GIVES THEM
PROBABLE CAUSE.
WAIT, THEY THINK YOU
KILLED SAM?
CALL THE JUDGE
AND TELL THEM
THAT YOU'RE ON YOUR WAY
TO CHALLENGE THE WARRANT.
ME?
IT'S A CONFLICT
OF INTEREST
FOR ME TO DEFEND MYSELF
IN COURT,
AND I HAVE TO MEET
WITH OUR CLIENT.
AND, BONNIE...
DON'T SCREW IT UP.
YOU KNOW, I CAN ASK A.K.
NOT TO PAIR US UP
TOGETHER ANYMORE
IF YOU WANT.
SO SHE'LL KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED BETWEEN US?
NO, I JUST --
LET'S JUST KEEP IT
PROFESSIONAL.
CAN YOU DO THAT?
OF COURSE.
CAN YOU?
THE NIGHT
AT THE BONFIRE,
WHEN YOU SAW CONNOR'S CAR
IN THE DRIVEWAY,
WAS ANNALISE'S CAR
THERE, TOO?
NOT THAT I REMEMBER.
WHY?
NO REASON.
Hannah: I WAS IN TOWN
FOR A MIXER
THE PSYCHOLOGY DEPARTMENT
WAS THROWING
FOR SAM'S NEW BOOK.
HE AND ANNALISE
GOT INTO SOME SORT OF FIGHT.
[ Chuckling ]
AND WE ALL LEFT EARLY.
THEN LATER THAT NIGHT,
AS I WAS GETTING READY FOR BED,
I HEARD YELLING
FROM DOWNSTAIRS.
ANNALISE YELLING.
AND THIS WASN'T
JUST A FIGHT NOW.
THIS WAS...
SOMETHING...RAGEFUL.
SO, I RAN DOWNSTAIRS,
AND THAT'S WHEN I SAW ANNALISE
THROW A PAPERWEIGHT AT HIM.
IT NEARLY HIT HIM
IN THE HEAD.
AND YELLING, "I'LL KILL YOU,
YOU WORTHLESS PIECE OF"...
I'LL SPARE THE COURT
THE LANGUAGE THAT ANNALISE USED.
Bonnie:
AFTER THIS SUPPOSED FIGHT,
WHICH YOUR MEMORY CLAIMS
HAPPENED THREE YEARS AGO,
DID YOU SPEAK TO YOUR BROTHER
ABOUT WHAT YOU SAW?
YES.
HE SAID
IT HAD HAPPENED BEFORE,
BUT HE DIDN'T WANT
ME TO WORRY
BECAUSE HE LOVED HER
AND WANTED TO WORK IT OUT.
DID HE ALSO
HAPPEN TO MENTION
WHAT CAUSED ANNALISE
TO ALLEGEDLY THROW
THIS PAPERWEIGHT?
WAS SHE TRYING TO PROTECT
HERSELF FROM SAM, PERHAPS?
ARE YOU SUGGESTING
THAT THE VICTIM CAUSED
THE VIOLENCE, MS. WINTERBOTTOM?
ANSWER THE QUESTION,
MS. KEATING.
I WOULD IF YOU WERE ASKING
THE RIGHT QUESTIONS.
JUDGE, IF YOU WOULD,
TELL --
BECAUSE WHAT
YOU SHOULD BE ASKING ME
IS WAS I DRINKING
THE NIGHT OF THE MIXER.
THE ANSWER IS NO.
I WAS JUST RECOVERING
FROM A MINOR SURGERY.
DID THE MIXER END
ABRUPTLY?
YES.
AND EVERY GUEST WHO WAS THERE
WILL ATTEST TO THAT.
OKAY. FINE.
BUT WILL THOSE SAME GUESTS
ALSO CONFIRM THAT IT ENDED EARLY
BECAUSE OF AN ARGUMENT
BETWEEN SAM AND ANNALISE?
OH, HONEY.
I CAN'T DO ALL THE WORK
FOR YOU.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SO, WE LOST.
CHEER UP.
YOU KNOW, BABE RUTH
DIDN'T HIT A HOME RUN
HIS FIRST TIME AT BAT.
WHAT'S THAT?
A BURNER.
FRANK SAID HE'D LET ME KNOW
THE SECOND ANYTHING HAPPENS.
OH, LIKE WHEN THEY FIND
MICROSCOPIC BITS OF SAM'S BLOOD
SPLATTERED
IN THE CRACKS OF THE FLOOR.
EVERYTHING
HAS BEEN CLEANED.
THAT'S WHAT SHE WANTS US
TO THINK.
WHAT?
YOU EVER THINK
THE REASON
WHY ANNALISE DIDN'T
GO CHALLENGE THE WARRANT HERSELF
IS BECAUSE SHE WANTED
BONNIE TO LOSE IT?
NO, YOU'RE
BEING PARANOID.
OR MAYBE
HE'S JUST BEING SMART.
SOMEONE GETS ME.
THANK YOU, MICHAELA.
Hannah:
HELLO AGAIN.
YOU'RE
ALL QUITE DEDICATED --
TO STAND WATCH
AT YOUR BOSS'S HANGING.
I WILL SAY I'M SURPRISED
THAT YOU'VE ALL STUCK AROUND.
FOR THE BEST AND THE BRIGHTEST,
IT SEEMS LIKE A FOOLISH MOVE.
LAW IS NOT MY FIELD,
BUT I DO KNOW THAT REPUTATION
IS EVERYTHING.
FROM HERE ON,
YOU'LL EACH BE PAINTED
WITH YOUR OWN SCARLET "A"
FOR "ANNALISE."
Annalise:
GET OFF MY PROPERTY.
IT'S MY LEGAL RIGHT
TO STAND HERE ON THIS SIDEWALK.
PLUS,
I WANT TO BE HERE
WHEN THEY DRAG YOU
OUT OF MY HOUSE IN HANDCUFFS.
THAT'S WHAT
YOU ALWAYS WANTED.
YOU COULD NEVER STAND THE IDEA
OF SAM'S MISTRESS
LIVING IN MOMMY AND DADDY'S
PRECIOUS HOUSE.
[ Chuckling ]
"MISTRESS"?
IS THAT STILL
HOW YOU SEE YOURSELF, ANNALISE?
BETTER THAN THE SISTER
OBSESSING HER ENTIRE LIFE
OVER HER BROTHER.
HOW'S THE SAYING GO?
"INCEST IS BEST --
PUT YOUR BROTHER TO THE TEST."
YEAH, I GOT TO DISAGREE WITH HER
ON THAT ONE.
MY SISTER
IS NOT ATTRACTIVE.
MY COUSIN,
ON THE OTHER HAND, OH!
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ NOSTALGHIA'S "HOMEOSTASIS"
PLAYS ]
I'M SO SORRY.
I TRIED TO TRAVERSE
THE SEARCH WARRANT,
BUT THE JUDGE
WASN'T HAVING IT.
Man:
HEY, THERE'S SOMETHING HERE.
IT MUST HAVE FALLEN OFF
THE TROPHY.
HERE.
♪ AND I GOT MY GUN ♪
♪ I TOLD YOU
NOT TO CALL ME "HON" ♪
♪ TO CALL ME "HON" ♪
♪ SHE FLOATS SO SOFT
INSIDE HIS WEB ♪
♪ MY SPIDER LOVER,
HIS USELESS HEAD ♪
♪ I TOLD YOU
NOT TO TOUCH MY BED ♪
♪ TO TOUCH MY BED ♪
♪ I'M CHANGING, I'M SPINNING ♪
♪ I'M MORPHOGENIC ♪
♪ I'M WEBBING, I'M MORPHING ♪
HOW MUCH LONGER?
UH, JUST A FEW LUMINOL TESTS
TO CHECK FOR BLOOD TRACES,
AND THEN
WE'LL BE ON OUR WAY.
♪ I'M CHANGING, I'M SPINNING ♪
♪ I'M MORPHOGENIC ♪
♪ I'M WEBBING, I'M MORPHING ♪
BILL.
WILL YOU,
UH, CHECK HERE?
HERE.
[ BOTTLE SPRAYING ]
Woman: AAH!
[ GASPS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
♪ I'M CHANGING, I'M SPINNING ♪
♪ I'M MORPHOGENIC ♪
♪ I'M WEBBING, I'M MORPHING ♪
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
♪ I'M MORPHOGENIC ♪
THEY DIDN'T FIND
ANYTHING.
WHAT DID YOU THINK
THEY'D FIND?
A BLOODY KNIFE ANNALISE HID
UNDER HER MATTRESS?
OUR BOSS WOULD BE
A BETTER KILLER THAN THAT, YO.
♪ I'M TIRED, I'M WASTING ♪
♪ I'M MORPHOGENIC ♪
Frank: SAM'S M.E. REPORT.
ANYTHING JUICY?
HIS SKULL SHOWED
BLUNT FORCE TRAUMA.
HE WAS HIT WITH AN OBJECT
PROBABLY MADE OUT OF METAL.
OR STEEL.
SO, SOMEONE FINALLY KNOCKED
SOME SENSE INTO HIM.
JUST A LITTLE TOO HARD.
THEY ALSO FOUND CARPET FIBERS
IN HIS REMAINS...
ALONG WITH SOME DEBRIS
FROM A WOODED AREA.
THAT SHOULD GIVE
THE POLICE SOMETHING
TO FIND WHO DID THIS.
Connor: THE DEBRIS
GETS THEM TO THE WOODS,
AND THE WOODS
GETS THEM TO US.
WE CAN'T TALK
ABOUT THIS HERE.
LOOK, WE DODGED A BULLET
WITH THE SEARCH.
BUT THAT REPORT, I-IT PROVES
THEY KNOW WAY TOO MUCH.
YOU'RE STILL TALKING.
AND YOU BOTH HAVE
YOUR HEADS UP YOUR ASSES.
SHE'S TELLING US
TO ACT NORMAL
WHEN SHE'S THE ONE
WHO NEEDS TO ACT --
WILL YOU TWO STOP?
HER HUSBAND
WAS JUST FOUND MURDERED.
SHE SHOULD BE GRIEVING
INSTEAD OF BLOWING OFF THE COPS
AND TAKING ON
MOBSTER DRUG DEALERS
WHO SHE CARES MORE ABOUT
THAN SAVING US.
Annalise: MR. WALSH.
MY OFFICE.
I-I DIDN'T MEAN
ANY OF THAT.
YES, YOU DID.
NO.
DON'T LOOK AWAY.
SAY EVERYTHING
YOU WANT TO SAY TO ME
RIGHT TO MY FACE.
I'M A BAD PERSON.
HEARTLESS.
A SOCIOPATH.
IS THAT ABOUT RIGHT?
YOU SAID
YOU'D PROTECT US.
AREN'T I?
HOW COULD WE KNOW?
I MEAN, YOU...
YOU ONLY TALK TO US
IN CODE.
YOU EXPECT US TO CONTINUE
GOING TO CLASS
AND WORK YOUR CASES,
EVEN THOUGH NOTHING MAKES
ANY SENSE ANYMORE.
I WANT TO TRUST YOU.
I DO, BUT --
DO YOU KNOW WHY I GAVE YOU
THAT TROPHY THE FIRST DAY?
NOT BECAUSE YOU SCREWED
YOUR WAY TO IT, ALTHOUGH...
THAT'S CERTAINLY SOMETHING
I'VE DONE IN MY DAY.
BUT BECAUSE I SAW YOU.
SOMEONE LIKE ME.
SOMEONE SO SCARED
THAT THE ONLY WAY
YOU KNOW HOW TO HANDLE THINGS
IS BY WORRYING YOUR WAY
THROUGH THEM.
THAT'S WHAT
YOU AND I ARE.
WORRIERS.
IT MAKES US VERY SUCCESSFUL,
BUT ALSO VERY TIRED, TOO.
HERE'S THE THING,
MR. WALSH.
YOU'RE
NOT GONNA TRUST ME.
THAT'S JUST
NOT IN YOUR NATURE.
BUT YOU CAN STOP WORRYING,
BECAUSE --
AND...YOU MIGHT HAVE
FORGOTTEN THIS --
BUT I'M YOUR ONLY
OPTION HERE.
WITHOUT ME,
YOU GO TO PRISON.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN
WE WON'T END UP THERE.
NO, IT DOESN'T.
BUT THE ODDS
ARE BETTER WITH ME.
LAUREL GOT US A LEAD
ON THE WORKER
WHO WEIGHED
THE SHIPPING CONTAINER.
PEDRO HORTUA QUIT HIS JOB
TWO DAYS AFTER THE FBI RAID,
SAYING HE HAD TO GO TAKE CARE
OF HIS SICK FATHER IN COLOMBIA,
BUT LOOK AT THIS.
HE JUST POSTED THIS
FROM A PARTY IN CHERRY HILL.
HE'S BEEN IN JERSEY
THE WHOLE TIME.
GET HIM.
Nate: A COP FRIEND SLIPPED ME
INFO ON SAM'S CASE.
THEY'RE TESTING THE FOLIAGE
AND SOIL FOUND WITH THE REMAINS
to try to figure out
where his body was burned.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW
AS SOON AS I GET MY HANDS
ON THE RESULTS.
DO YOU THINK
I DID IT?
COME ON, ANNALISE.
You have to be wondering.
I know I would.
SO ASK ME.
No.
I'M NOT THE DETECTIVE
ON THIS CASE.
ONCE A DETECTIVE,
ALWAYS A DETECTIVE.
YOU'RE TRYING TO PICK
A FIGHT WITH ME.
AND I GET IT.
THE WHOLE WORLD
THINKS YOU DID THIS.
But you.
I'M ASKING YOU
WHAT YOU THINK.
WHAT IS IT YOU SAY
ABOUT YOUR CLIENTS?
NEVER ASK THEM
IF THEY DID IT.
[ SIGHS ]
Hey.
NOW YOU'RE MAD.
OF COURSE I'M MAD.
HE'S THE KILLER HERE,
AND WHOEVER DID THIS TO HIM --
ME KILLING HIM WOULD BE
THE DUMBEST THING I COULD DO.
That would mean
he wins.
I SHOULD GO.
I have court
in the morning.
LOMBARDO CASE.
I HEARD.
DON'T TELL ME YOU'RE JUDGING ME
FOR DEFENDING THEM, TOO.
Not at all.
I GET IT.
YOU STOP WORKING...
SAM WINS.
GO KICK SOME ASS.
Annalise: AGENT FAIN,
WHY DID YOU DECIDE TO INSPECT
MY CLIENT'S CONTAINER?
BECAUSE MY TEAM
WAS ALERTED TO A DISCREPANCY
WITH THE CONTAINER'S
WEIGHT.
SO THIS GIVES YOU THE RIGHT
TO SEARCH THE CONTAINER?
THAT'S CORRECT.
WHAT WAS THE NAME
OF THE EMPLOYEE
WHO FIRST DECIDED
TO WEIGH THE CONTAINER?
CAN'T SAY I RECALL.
HIS NAME IS PEDRO HORTUA,
AND HE LEFT HIS JOB TWO DAYS
AFTER THE INCIDENT
AND DISAPPEARED
WITHOUT ANY FORWARDING ADDRESS
OR INFORMATION.
AND ONCE
THE INVESTIGATION STARTED,
NO ONE COULD FIND HIM.
THANKFULLY, I DID.
[ SPECTATORS MURMUR ]
MR. HORTUA.
[ MURMURING CONTINUES ]
HOW THE HELL
DID YOU FIND THE GUY?
WE'VE GOT OUR SECRETS.
Annalise:
SO, HOW DO YOU DECIDE
WHICH CONTAINERS ARE WEIGHED,
MR. HORTUA?
IT'S A SPOT CHECK.
THERE'S NO SYSTEM FOR IT.
SO YOU CHOSE
MY CLIENT'S CONTAINER AT RANDOM.
HOW IS IT YOU CAME TO SELECT
MY CLIENT'S CONTAINER
TO BE WEIGHED?
I WAS INSTRUCTED TO.
BY YOUR SUPERVISOR
OR SOMEONE ELSE?
WERE YOU WARNED
ABOUT TESTIFYING IN THIS CASE?
OBJECTION.
LACK OF FOUNDATION.
THEN ANSWER THIS --
WERE YOU PROMISED
ANYTHING
FOR SINGLING OUT MY CLIENT'S
CONTAINER FOR INSPECTION?
SPECULATION,
YOUR HONOR.
OVERRULED.
ANSWER THE QUESTION, MR. HORTUA.
THEY PROMISED ME
A GREEN CARD.
FOR ME AND MY WIFE.
IF YOU DID WHAT?
IF I CHOSE
MR. LOMBARDO'S CONTAINER.
AND WHO IS IT
THAT MADE YOU THAT PROMISE?
A MAN.
I DID NOT KNOW HIM.
MR. HORTUA, ONE LAST QUESTION,
AND THEN WE'LL BE DONE.
THIS MAN -- IS HE
IN THE COURTROOM RIGHT NOW?
OBJECTION, YOUR HONOR.
IS THE MAN YOU'RE REFERRING TO
PROSECUTOR HOBBES?
YOUR HONOR!
YES.
GOOD GOD,
THIS IS A FARCE!
I'M NOT THE ONE
ON TRIAL HERE!
YOU ARE NOW.
THERE'S NO EVIDENCE TO SUPPORT
THIS MAN'S CLAIM.
IS THE MAN SITTING THERE
NOT EVIDENCE?
BOTH OF YOU CALM DOWN.
BECAUSE IT'S QUITE EVIDENT
TO ME
THAT HE'S PROOF THAT THIS CASE
HAS BEEN NOTHING MORE
THAN A CONSPIRACY
TO COMMIT FRAUD.
FROM START TO FINISH,
THE GAME WAS RIGGED,
CORNERS WERE CUT,
AND MY CLIENT'S FOURTH AMENDMENT
RIGHTS WERE DISCARDED.
THIS IS SLANDER,
YOUR HONOR!
MR. HORTUA'S TESTIMONY PROVES
THAT THIS CASE WAS BUILT
ON ILLEGAL GROUNDS,
INCLUDING ENTRAPMENT.
I DEMAND MS. KEATING BE
SANCTIONED BY THIS COURT!
IT'S NO SURPRISE,
CONSIDERING IT'S BEEN
MR. HOBBES' MISSION
TO DESTROY THE LOMBARDO FAMILY
FOR MORE THAN 15 YEARS.
SO THE CRIMINAL IN THIS
COURTROOM IS NOT MY CLIENT,
BUT THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
FOR BRINGING THESE BOGUS CHARGES
AGAINST MY CLIENT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
[ GAVEL BANGS ]
Judge: ORDER.
ORDER IN THE COURT!
[ GAVEL BANGS ]
GOOD LUCK
WITH THAT MURDER CHARGE
ABOUT TO BE THROWN
AT YOU.
IS THAT AN ACTUAL THREAT
THIS TIME?
NO ONE'S
THREATENING ANYONE.
I JUST FIGURED
YOU KNEW BETTER,
GIVEN THE PRECARIOUS POSITION
YOU'RE IN.
ME?
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
YOU'RE THE ONE DUMB ENOUGH
TO MESS WITH THE MOB.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ SIGHS ]
NOW WHAT?
WHAT?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
I'VE BEEN DOING
WHAT YOU SAID.
I HAVEN'T BOTHERED YOU
AT ALL,
EVEN THOUGH I'M --
I'M TOTALLY FREAKING OUT.
RELAX.
WE'RE LAW STUDENTS.
TYPE-A.
WE DON'T KNOW HOW
TO SIT ON OUR HANDS
AND DO NOTHING.
SO JUST GIVE ME SOMETHING
TO DO.
I CAN'T.
WHY NOT?
'CAUSE THERE'S
NOTHING LEFT TO DO.
I DIDN'T MEAN THAT.
YOU DID.
[ Voice breaking ]
WE'RE GONNA GET CAUGHT.
YOU'RE NOT.
OKAY?
COME HERE.
[ SNIFFLES ]
DON'T.
LAUREL.
JUST BECAUSE I'M UPSET
DOESN'T MEAN
I NEED YOU TO COMFORT ME.
I'M FINE.
AM I AT LEAST
ALLOWED TO STAND HERE,
COMFORT YOU THAT WAY?
FINE.
Reporter:
SOURCES TELL US POLICE
ARE NEARLY FINISHED TESTING
ALL THE FOLIAGE
FROM SAM KEATING'S REMAINS.
THEY ARE CONFIDENT THAT THIS
NEW INFORMATION WILL LEAD THEM
CLOSER TO SOLVING
THE PROFESSOR'S MURDER.
SPECIFICALLY, THEY ARE HOPING
THAT THIS NEW EVIDENCE
WILL HELP THEM
NARROW DOWN A WOODED AREA
WHERE SAM KEATING'S BODY
WAS BURNED.
POLICE BELIEVE
THAT PINPOINTING THAT BURN SITE
WILL HELP THEM
NOT ONLY GATHER EVIDENCE...
[ TROPHY SLAMS ]
...BUT ALSO FIND AND ARREST
THE PROFESSOR'S MURDERER.
SAM'S M.E. REPORT
SAYS HIS SKULL WAS CRUSHED
WITH A HEAVY OBJECT.
MOST LIKELY
MADE OF METAL.
I ALWAYS WONDERED
WHY THE SCALES WENT MISSING
THE SAME TIME
HE DISAPPEARED.
THE REPORT ALSO SAYS
THEY FOUND CARPET FIBERS.
SOMETHING TERRIBLE'S
HAPPENED.
Annalise:
BONNIE! IS THAT YOU?
YES.
I'M COMING.
AND THE DEBRIS THEY FOUND,
I'M SURE THE TESTS WILL
EVENTUALLY LEAD THEM
TO THE WOODS
BEHIND CAMPUS.
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO GET AWAY
WITH THIS, ANNALISE.
NOT IF YOU KEEP AVOIDING
THE POLICE.
HANNAH'S SMART.
SHE LOVES SAM TOO MUCH
NOT TO SOLVE THIS.
AND I KNOW
WHY YOU WANT TO PROTECT THEM,
BUT THEY'RE SNEAKING OFF
ALL THE TIME TO TALK.
YOU DIDN'T DO THIS.
THEY DID.
DON'T LET THEM
RUIN YOU.
Annalise: TRUST ME.
I GOT YOU INTO THIS,
AND IT'S MY JOB
TO GET YOU OUT OF IT.
LET ME HELP YOU.
BECAUSE IF YOU DO, I PROMISE
YOU WILL GET AWAY WITH THIS.
BUT THE ODDS
ARE BETTER WITH ME.
WITHOUT ME,
YOU GO TO PRISON.
[ SNIFFLES, SIGHS ]
I NEED YOU RIGHT NOW.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
WE FOUND SOME EVIDENCE
IN THE WOODS.
IT'S TIME YOU TALK TO US,
ANNALISE.
OKAY.
LET ME GET MY COAT.
Bryce: AND AFTER YOUR FIGHT
WITH SAM,
WHAT DID YOU DO?
WHERE DID YOU GO?
I WENT TO NATE LAHEY'S
APARTMENT,
WHERE I SPENT
AN HOUR OR SO.
AND FOLLOWING?
FOLLOWING THAT,
I WENT HOME.
IS THERE ANYONE
WHO CAN CORROBORATE THIS CLAIM?
NO ONE WAS AT HOME
WHEN I RETURNED,
AND THE ONLY THING
TO SUPPORT MY CLAIM
ARE THE TWO PHONE CALLS
I MADE --
ONE TO MY HUSBAND,
WHO DIDN'T ANSWER,
AND THE OTHER TO MY ASSOCIATE,
BONNIE WINTERBOTTOM,
WHEN I STARTED TO WORRY
THAT SAM WASN'T AT HOME.
YOU RECOGNIZE THIS?
[ DOOR OPENS ]
Connor: OH.
WE'RE ALL HERE!
[ CHUCKLES ]
SHOULD MAKE IT EASY
FOR THE COPS TO ROUND US UP.
Rebecca: I JUST TALKED
TO MY FRIEND
WHOSE BROTHER'S A COP.
APPARENTLY THEY FOUND
A RING IN THE WOODS.
THAT'S WHY THEY BROUGHT ANNALISE
IN FOR QUESTIONING.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WES.
AND SO IT BEGINS.
Bryce: SO, YOU RECOGNIZE
THIS RING?
OF COURSE I DO.
I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND
ON OUR WEDDING DAY.
ANY IDEA WHY WE FOUND IT
IN THE WOODS?
I'M ON IT.
OF COURSE I DON'T KNOW
HOW IT GOT THERE.
RIGHT.
THERE WAS ALSO A FINGERPRINT
ON THE RING.
DO YOU KNOW
WHO IT BELONGS TO?
WE'RE GIVING YOU AN OPPORTUNITY
TO COME CLEAN HERE, ANNALISE.
I DON'T NEED TO TELL YOU
THE BENEFITS
OF HELPING US
DO THIS THE EASY WAY.
DETECTIVE, I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
WHOSE FINGERPRINT IT IS?
[ POUNDING ON DOOR ]
NATE LAHEY, YOU'RE UNDER ARREST
FOR THE MURDER OF SAM KEATING.
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO REMAIN SILENT.
ANYTHING YOU SAY CAN
AND WILL BE USED AGAINST
YOU IN A COURT OF LAW.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING ]
I SUPPOSE YOU'LL CLAIM
HE DIDN'T TELL YOU HE'D DONE IT.
THAT THIS WAS ALL
SOME KIND OF SURPRISE FOR YOU.
WHATEVER THE CASE,
I DO KNOW HE DID IT FOR YOU,
AND MY BROTHER
IS DEAD BECAUSE OF YOU.
YOU DRAGGED HIM DOWN
INTO THE GUTTER,
ANNALISE --
JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
IN YOUR LIFE.
Reporter: AN ARREST
HAS BEEN MADE IN THE DEATH
OF MIDDLETON UNIVERSITY
PROFESSOR SAM KEATING.
THE SUSPECT IN QUESTION,
FORMER PHILADELPHIA POLICE
DETECTIVE NATE LAHEY,
WHO HAS BEEN ROMANTICALLY
LINKED TO ANNALISE KEATING,
THE WIFE OF THE MURDER VICTIM.
DETECTIVE LAHEY WAS LET GO
FROM THE PHILADELPHIA POLICE
DEPARTMENT LATE LAST YEAR...
SHE DID THIS.
...THOUGH SOURCES SAY LAHEY's
FORMER INVOLVEMENT...
HOW?
...WITH THE DEPARTMENT WILL
IN NO WAY AFFECT TREATMENT...
HOW DID SHE DO THIS?
...AS A SUSPECT GOING FORWARD.
DOES IT MATTER?
AUTHORITIES ARE NOT RELEASING
SPECIFICS...
SHE'S DOING
WHAT SHE SAID SHE'D DO.
...BUT WE'RE TOLD THIS ARREST
COMES AFTER THE DISCOVERY
OF INCRIMINATING PHYSICAL
EVIDENCE...
SHE'S TAKING CARE
OF US.
...PHYSICAL EVIDENCE FOUND
IN THE WOODED AREA...
[ SIGHS ]
[ SNIFFLES ]
[ Dialing ]
MAMA?
I NEED YOU.